Hey guys what about going back on this video.
Let's go and touch the models and let's go and create our first model and find out how to actually send
them back to our view.
So in our controllers here you can see that it actually just returns the standard view for our home
controller.
We want to add a model and the model.
We're just going to have it'll be a new class and we'll just call this
what does say it's like a book.
So we're just call it a book a book.
So what does books have they have a couple of properties on and this is where we actually define what
are the modeled properties that we're going to have around the public string title.
Because every book has a title.
And then for now we're going have a public string of author.
All right.
There we go.
So now that we have this model define what we can do is we can now create a separate controller.
And before we even do that well you know what
I want to show you guys you know I'm going to show you because I don't want to show you guys the scaffolding
because the scaffolding doesn't actually show you what's going on behind the scenes.
Let's go at it.
The actual home.
Let's go ahead and pass down the model here to our viewers of what we're going to do is we're going
to say you know what.
Instead of our method here we're going to go and we're going to do a we're just call this new model
to be the scripted equals the new.
And then it's the name of our model.
So it's a new book.
All right.
So by saying that you're gonna get these squiggly lines and we double click on that you're going to
see that it's actually going to say you need to use your first application models.
So that way we know what the book is.
Now they know what the book is in fact we can even do shorthand stanch the actual values here so we're
going to say the title equals Chris is great.
And I actually don't think that.
But anyway.
And then the author is Chris Hall.
There we go.
So it's grown to do a semicolon there.
It's not going to hurt anything.
And then in order to pass the model to our view we just have to say a new model.
All right so now if we go and we run the application then we go to the actual page.
We're going to see that there's really no no no difference here.
But I just want to show you why.
So if we go to Home Index you're going to see that it's just delivering up the standard.
You know there's really no change in the reason why is because we're not actually using our model so
in order to actually really use our model inside of here.
So in order to do that all we need to do is just reference our model and we're going to use this keyword
the model keyword and then we just have to go in and spell out to where it can be found.
The first application that models dot books and other we have that in here we can now use this model
inside of our templates instead of this hello from NBC we're going to actually reference the model so
it razor Shoreham by convention as you're going to want to you could just actually say model dot but
it should need.
There needs to be an at symbol for anything.
There to a model dot and you can see clearly that we have an author and a title on here so we're going
to say author that title and then instead of a paragraph tag we'll just say model dots author.
All right so you can see once you reference your model you can now reference the actual data.
Now this actual template engine that comes with dot net and it's come with a b c dot it for a long time.
It's called the razor template engine and it's server side code that is generated.
And essentially it is building up a bunch HTL and passing it back from the server.
All this razor stuff is processed on the server and it's just it's a very convenient way for most web
applications that need basic template and so now that we reference was going run the application see
if we can actually get those values that we're passing and if you remember correctly I think it was
Chris's grade or something like that and then Chris Hawkes is the author so let's go out and check out
the home index method.
And there it is Chris is great.
Chris Hawkster that's dynamic data and that's good.
It's coming from the controller So obviously this template right here can be re-used over and over and
over again.
And because it's just referencing these you know variable placeholders it's dynamic meaning that it
responds differently based on the values that you pass into it.
So this value itself is obviously hard coded into the controller but most likely you're going to be
reaching out to some sort of database or something like that and getting whatever sort of data was requested
and returned to the template.